fix(rome_js_formatter): format JsxString node (#4334)
rome/tools: CHANGELOG.md

### Configuration
### Editors
### Formatter

> - Fixed an issue when formatting JSX string property values [#4054](https://github.com/rome/tools/issues/4054)

Reviewer: We want to use the present test: https://github.com/rome/tools/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md#writing-a-changelog-line
```suggestion
- Fix an issue where formatting of JSX string literals property values were using incorrect quotes [#4054](https://github.com/rome/tools/issues/4054)
```
